Cortana
No Dream
How do we mother and daughter live?
You're going to school?
Marry in the future
Mom's body is getting worse day by day
Maybe.
It's gone
But what do you do?
Mom
Don't worry, I will definitely think of a way for you.
I will definitely find Shunyuan for you.
To change the water for you
Don't worry, silly boy.
And how much will thatsetmeback?
We don't have that kind of money.
My poor child.
Mom, I'm sorry.
You shouldn't have to suffer like this with me
Ha ha.
Mom
Be careful, my body will be completely healed when I return to China this time.
But warm that little bitch
Been with Liu Cautious for more than half a month
There must have been physical contact
In case he sleeps cautiously, he is pregnant
Will definitely use this to threaten us in the future
Don't worry, Mom will solve this matter.
Pardon me?
I beg your pardon.
This lady is indeed pregnant
And it's been 8 weeks
How can 8 weeks be 8 weeks?
Hello Qingqing
Is there something you're not telling me?
Warm is indeed pregnant
But the baby is 8 weeks old
What the hell is going on?
Hotel that night
The person with Lu Jingsheng is warm
I happened to bump into it
I will let the warmth keep the secret
Impersonated him
Why didn't you tell me this sooner?
Have to take medicine